Add notes about cluster type and networking (#3680)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-aws.md

## Access a public AWS endpoint

> All Astro clusters include a set of external IP addresses that persist for the lifetime of the cluster. When you create a Deployment in your workspace, Astro assigns it one of these external IP addresses. To facilitate communication between Astro and your cloud, you can allowlist these external IPs in your cloud. If you have no other security restrictions, this means that any cluster with an allowlisted external IP address can access your AWS resources through a valid Airflow connection.

Author: ```suggestion
All Astro clusters include a set of external IP addresses that persist for the lifetime of the cluster. When you create a Deployment in your workspace, Astro assigns the external IP addresses to it. To facilitate communication between Astro and your cloud, you can allowlist these external IPs in your cloud. If you have no other security restrictions, this means that any cluster with an allowlisted external IP address can access your AWS resources through a valid Airflow connection.
```

> ### Allowlist external IP addresses

Author: shift scope and clarify that deployment external IP addresses can be used, however, it might be useful for some dedicated users to work with the cluster-level external ip addresses.

> ### Allowlist external IP addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Allowlist a Deployment's external IP addresses on AWS
```

> ### Allowlist external IP addresses

Reviewer: All of the edits here also apply to the other cloud docs

1. In the Astro UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
2. Select the **Details** tab.

> 3. In the **Other** section, you can find the **External IPs** associated with the Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Other** section, you can find the **External IPs** associated with the Deployment.
4. Add the IP addresses to the allowlist of any external services that you want your Deployment to access. 
```

When you use publicly accessible endpoints to connect to AWS, traffic moves directly between your Astro cluster and the AWS API endpoint. Data in this traffic never reaches the Astronomer managed control plane. Note that you still might also need to authorize your Deployment to some resources before it can access them.

<details>
  <summary><strong>Dedicated cluster external IP addresses</strong></summary>

> If you use Dedicated clusters and want to allowlist external IP addresses at the cluster level, instead of per-Deployment, you can find the list of external IP addresses the cluster uses in your **Organization settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Dedicated clusters and want to allowlist external IP addresses at the cluster level instead of at the Deployment level, you can find the list cluster-level external IP addresses in your **Organization settings**.
```

All Astro clusters include a set of external IP addresses that persist for the lifetime of the cluster. To facilitate communication between an Astro cluster and your cloud, you can allowlist these external IPs in your cloud. If you have no other security restrictions, this means that any cluster with an allowlisted external IP address can access your AWS resources through a valid Airflow connection.

> :::tip
> 
> While you can find an external IP address for your Deployment, these IP addresses are dynamically generated, which means that your connection might fail if the IP address changes. A cluster-level external IP address persists, ensuring your cluster can access your cloud resources as long as the cluster exists.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployments also have their own external IP addresses, but these addresses are dynamically generated and can break your connections if they change. A cluster-level external IP address persists, ensuring your cluster can access your cloud resources as long as the cluster exists.
```
I don't think the tip is necessary here -the paragraph flows nicely after the proceeding one as a complete explanation, and we're not providing any alternative setup/ recommendations that usually serve as the basis for a tip

Author: @manmeetkaur I think I'm confused. Doesn't that directly contradict the description in all of these docs that Standard clusters support adding the external IP to the allowlist?
